boxes everywhere like crazy but fun and
exciting always change the things up you
click this video you probably like Sarah
what's up are you moving to LA are you
are you finally making that jump no I am
not moving to Los Angeles New York City
is 100% my home right now I love meeting
new people here I love hanging out with
my friends here I love creating I look
collaborating here but the past couple
months if you watch my blog you know it
has taken its toll on me and between
being broken to and a mice infestation
it has not felt like home for a while
and I was quite in a position I really
didn't know what to do because this
isn't only where I sleep but it's where
I work is where I film a lot of videos
these lovely humans and real estate
brokers and just everyone at triple net
are the ones who are making moving
within New York City possible so today
I'm showing you the insane process of
finding a New York City apartment
and hopefully I can offer some education
and awareness of how and what is
required to move to New York City vo my
friends at triple mints we really get
into the specifics of all of those
things later but let's go find me a new
apartment look who is joining my
apartment hunt journey you're an expert
here on expert New York along take care
exactly how long have you been in German
my entire life I was watching its entire
life where it is my number-one source
this is my dude Josh how are ya gonna
get all pissed were the majori I'm are
behind a visit we have a marketing team
here this doesn't look like a New York
City real estate office
thank what you going to put on top of
this we're going to so crazy me buddy
shots in New York yes
whoa yes how many apartments are me we
have seven awesome apartments online how
long do you think it'll take maybe 75
I'm very quick I don't like to waste
time yet in New York City you can't
waste time so we're gonna see how are we
thinking about 30 minutes increment and
for a little perspective I don't want to
tell you exactly where I live but I do
like the website and of course I like
them happen so staying in Manhattan on
the west side I wish y'all could afford
something fancy like Sogo or Trebek oh
that's for the future we're getting five
your place yeah five your PIN exactly
there you go I'm ready go let's go let's
go find our apartment Brandon you ready
oh yeah Josh you ready boy
this is what I call an elevator
something that I wouldn't know about
with my apartment you know this is
pretty high I have to everybody over to
their home
Oliver headlight is making interiors
with a little different than the Worman
not working today so there's no views
basically what you're saying I'm not
saying that you're India I believe in
you I think I believe in yeah okay this
is the worst part
okay hahaha being a broker is to try out
up front eat all day
it's a pressure right really okay so
it's always going to be this loss right
but it's bigger though specifically you
can have your living room over here over
here
bookshelf all right now we are looking
at your bedroom I can also evolve your
bedding aren't sure when we're cooking
right kitchen classroom is important
okay let's see sketchy ice level oh look
at art and crying when I turn that on
that was magic I wasn't a thousand times
so this function might better situation
to lock it bro straighter and not give
the conditions could still have a
cheaper rubric recall here we're
involved and you like seeing you
highlights
you know just wanted to give you more of
what you're looking for you all right
use it that's what that's the only thing
I lost when it doesn't have a studio
how's the garden 200 these trees at all
feeling feels very boxy yeah I just
holding because you've got a higher
ceiling here like the hydrogen to make
entire special larger area here look
help majestically into the into the New
York
[Music]
far yeah the bathroom is so nice like
look at this what even if it's like nice
tile stuff what is it Brendan a laundry
in the building amazing
[Music]
yeah oh okay that's kind of cool so yeah
so far all right so get it that River
yeah what is for Johnny I'll check out
there huh yeah this is spacious beyond
words like nice here yeah and you're a
very good father Tuesday not right what
yeah this is superstitious pretty crazy
yeah yeah the pressure of choosing where
you're going to live for the next year
is intense so the fact that I kind of
actually like this one is making me now
like think more like okay it's cheaper
than the one I'm obsessed with so this
is where I will trip and fall every
single day if I share it takes actually
it keeps you in your underwear okay men
let's just take it in let's take a
moment yeah
yeah
[Music]
I'm applying for an apartment she for
sale my goodness my often Amon did she
find the perfect apartment but she found
it within three hours of walking which
end triple miss here's where things got
very bumpy something that happens is you
get very attached to one certain
apartment that you think is perfect you
get on this height and get on this
excitement of oh I'm getting this
apartment but then you're hit with the
paperwork to the management of this
building to prove that you can without a
doubt pay for this rent the New York
City rule based on the previous year's
tax returns you have to prove that your
income is 40 times the monthly rent if
you're below that then you have to get a
guarantor a guarantor is someone who
will sign the lease with you but they
have to earn 80 times to be monthly rent
of your apartment so if your apartment
is $2,500 a month
that guarantor caster's $200,000 the
previous year cost I mean that's a piece
of amount of money am i right after
having the most lovely experience with
Josh searching for an apartment but then
coming to the realization that I wasn't
going to be able to qualify
[Music]
my parents can't be my guarantor is the
company that you can pay to spot you as
a guarantor we're not accepting me but
then something happens I have an amazing
grandpa by the name of daddy bill he's
the dope with Grandpa in all of the land
and he swooped in and came to the rescue
but he's super smart and he's been
playing the game for a long time so he
was able to qualify I was my guarantor
via access he had asset Thank You
grandpa for having assets guys at the
last minute when all hope was lost my
daddy bill came and clutch signs of
papers and I got my dream apartment
there's a reason why I'm not a singer do
you relief that I felt posture that was
unreal I can't tell you how much anxiety
built up into this one thing it
completely took over my life for an
entire week and I will tell you one
thing I would not have survived if it
were not for Josh Josh is the lovely
triple man agent who helped me because
they're not interested in just
collecting a broker fee and then moving
on from you they are relational they are
the nicest people ever yes they are
going to provide you amazing services
and education on how to move to New York
City and programs like smart move where
you're a graduating professional and you
can use their services for only a one
month rent fee but above anything else
they are relationally driven and they
are going to be with you every step of
the way and it doesn't stop even once
you get your apartment they're going to
be there for you if you need them in
like two years down the road oh man
what a journey but I thought because I
got my dream apartment but now it's time
for the reveal are you ready for the
reveal which apartment did you think I
chose is it apartment a is it apartment
the apartment from Rose Beach my new
apartment is apartment guys when I
walked in it just felt like home it felt
like it's so so clean it has basic
amenities like an elevator and laundry
inside the building you hear New York
out there love you New York get this it
has a gym what yo girl go work out again
peachie fam I'm so glad that I got to
share this journey with you it would not
have been possible without my homies at
triple mint I know this is a hashtag
sponsored video but when I work with
companies that I actually adore you know
I gotta hike them up as much as possible
truthfulness truthfulness
anyways if you're interested in moving
to New York City one day or just the
rinsing process or you just want to look
at cool really expensive apartments but
you'll never be able to afford the
triple that website has done go ahead
and click on the link down below
remember if you're a graduating
professional you can check out that
smart move thing and I had to get some
more stuff in these boxes because yo
girl is about to go out of town for
about a month and then the day I get
back is go time it's move in time
goosebumps on palms let me know if you
like this video cuz that subscribe
button down below for more videos I post
every Monday through Friday weeks nights
stay peachy
okay bye
[Music]
I mean